Add AGENTS.md and RELEASE.md (#167)
phyloref/phyx.js: AGENTS.md

# AGENTS.md

This file provides guidance to agents when working with code in this repository.

## Commands

```bash
# Run all tests (linting runs automatically as posttest)
npm test

# Run linting only
npm run lint

# Run a specific test file
npx mocha test/phylorefs.js

# Run tests matching a description pattern
npx mocha test/phylorefs.js --grep "PhylorefWrapper"

# Generate API documentation
npm run docs
```

## Architecture

**phyx.js** is a JavaScript library for reading, manipulating, and converting [Phyloreference Exchange (Phyx)](https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj.12618) files — a JSON-LD format for digitized clade definitions (phyloreferences) with annotated phylogenies. This repository also includes the JSON Schema and JSON-LD files for Phyx, providing a definitive source of the format.

### Core concepts

- **Phyloreferences**: Clade definitions specifying which organisms belong to a clade, using internal/external specifiers

> - **Specifiers**: Organisms used to define a clade (internal = inside clade, external = outside)

Author: ```suggestion
- **Specifiers**: Taxonomic units (taxa or specimens) or apomorphies used to define a clade (internal = inside clade, external = outside)
```
